README.md, before:

#  About Me:

Not gonna put AI slop in here, so here's a brief wall of text about me.

Almost done with engineering life. Finally broke into big tech after months of gruelling job hunting.

I'm primarily a full stack developer. Curious about where AI is headed. My bet? Small LLMs are the future.

I talk like I’m joking 80% of the time, but the remaining 20% I’m dead serious… sometimes even I can’t tell which is which.

I'll look into Spring Boot and system design when I get the time. I'm prioritising my mental and physical health more. My hairline has gone back a kilometer already.

I LOVE researching things. If I notice one symptom, I’ll spend two hours researching it like I'm preparing to publish a journal paper. Give me a topic and one night, I’ll show up the next day talking like I’ve worked 5 years in that domain.

New tech stack? I MUST KNOW IT IN AND OUT.

A visit to the orthodontist? I SHALL KNOW EVERY TERM THE DOC MENTIONED IN THE VISIT.

I notice hair loss? I MUST KNOW EVERY TREATMENT OUT THERE TO MAKE IT GROW BACK LIKE CRETACEOUS ERA FORESTS.

I love experimenting with things too. Don't be surprised when I mix pickled paprika with curd rice. I'm weird. I embrace my craziness.

Known in my social circle as the walking encyclopedia of technology.

PC, phone, or any other device with silicon that has problems in it? Tech purchase suggestions? Tech stack roadmap? Insights into anything regarding technology? The first guy people think of is me.

To my juniors reading this: either you crack DSA or DSA will crack you. Start now.

<br>

 **Know more about me here! :** [krishnanacharya.me](https://www.krishnanacharya.me/)

 **Reach me at:** knacharyakavoor@gmail.com <br>

 **Resume:** [View My Resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iC6icsoHIYJu9r-JGymriCUw3rcbIFTK/view?usp=sharing)<br>


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
<div align="center">
  <div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between; align-items: flex-start; gap: 20px;">
    <div style="flex: 2;">
      <br/>
      <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=KrishnaNAcharya&theme=neon&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak" />
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=KrishnaNAcharya&icon=5&color=10)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update personal description in README
Expanded on personal insights and productivity habits.

README.md, after:

#  About Me:

Not gonna put AI slop in here, so here's a brief wall of text about me.

Almost done with engineering life. Finally broke into big tech after months of gruelling job hunting.

I'm primarily a full stack developer. Curious about where AI is headed. My bet? Small LLMs are the future.

I talk like I’m joking 80% of the time, but the remaining 20% I’m dead serious… sometimes even I can’t tell which is which. If something is working perfectly, I’ll still open it to understand why it’s working perfectly. My brain peak hours are 1AM to 4AM. Productivity? No. Random curiosity rabbit holes? Absolutely yes.

I'll look into Spring Boot and system design when I get the time. I'm prioritising my mental and physical health more. My hairline has gone back a kilometer already.

I LOVE researching things. If I notice one symptom, I’ll spend two hours researching it like I'm preparing to publish a journal paper. Give me a topic and one night, I’ll show up the next day talking like I’ve worked 5 years in that domain.

New tech stack? I MUST KNOW IT IN AND OUT.

A visit to the orthodontist? I SHALL KNOW EVERY TERM THE DOC MENTIONED IN THE VISIT.

I notice hair loss? I MUST KNOW EVERY TREATMENT OUT THERE TO MAKE IT GROW BACK LIKE CRETACEOUS ERA FORESTS.

I love experimenting with things too. Don't be surprised when I mix pickled paprika with curd rice. I'm weird. I embrace my craziness.

Known in my social circle as the walking encyclopedia of technology.

PC, phone, or any other device with silicon that has problems in it? Tech purchase suggestions? Tech stack roadmap? Insights into anything regarding technology? The first guy people think of is me.

To my juniors reading this: either you crack DSA or DSA will crack you. Start now.

<br>

 **Know more about me here! :** [krishnanacharya.me](https://www.krishnanacharya.me/)

 **Reach me at:** knacharyakavoor@gmail.com <br>

 **Resume:** [View My Resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iC6icsoHIYJu9r-JGymriCUw3rcbIFTK/view?usp=sharing)<br>


# 📊 GitHub Stats:
<div align="center">
  <div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between; align-items: flex-start; gap: 20px;">
    <div style="flex: 2;">
      <br/>
      <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=KrishnaNAcharya&theme=neon&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak" />
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=KrishnaNAcharya&icon=5&color=10)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
